Front page, Save the Oceans

2nd page

Between 2nd and 3rd pages:
More than three billion people rely on the ocean for their livelihoods, the vast majority in developing countries. In many of those, ocean-based industries such as tourism and fisheries are key sources of income and jobs. + Too often, however, these have expanded without sufficient consideration for environmental and social sustainability, creating low paying jobs and leading to environmental degradation.

Between 3rd and 4th pages:
The oceans, seas and marine resources are under constant threat from pollution, overfishing, warming and acidification that are disrupting marine ecosystems and the communities they support.+ Not only human beings, but all kinds of animals, organisms and the planet itself suffers from this.

Between 4th and 5th pages:+++
Around the world, one million plastic drinking bottles are purchased every minute, while up to 5 trillion single-use plastic bags are used worldwide every year.+ plastic bottles take up to 450 years to decompose in landﬁll...


Between 5th and 6th pages:
Enhance the conservation and sustainable use of oceans and their resources by implementing international law as reflected in UNCLOS, which provides the legal framework for the conservation and sustainable use of oceans and their resources, as recalled in paragraph 158 of The Future We Want.

Between 6th and 7th pages:
The sustainable management of fish stocks remains critical to ensuring that fisheries continue to generate economic growth and support equitable development. The long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on fisheries poses significant challenges that threaten to undermine sustainable stock management and profitability.

Between 7th and 8th pages:
The likes of plastics bags, netting and bottles pose a threat to hundreds of marine species, including endangered turtles, birds and whales.
At least 14 million tons of plastic end up in the ocean every year, and plastic makes up 80% of all marine debris found from surface waters to deep-sea sediments. Marine species ingest or are entangled by plastic debris, which causes severe injuries and death. ++Sharp plastics can rupture internal organs and bags can cause intestinal blockages leaving turtles unable to feed, resulting in starvation.


Between 8th and 9th pages:
Example: Many people all over the world do all they can to protect the animals and the ocean. Some clean up the garbage, plastics left by others by the beach, others who have the possibility to go into the ocean, dive in and clean it from there. The Ocean Cleanup, a nonprofit organization, aims to rid the world's oceans of plastic. It recently debuted a device it said collected 20,000 pounds from the Great Pacific Garbage Patch. Everyone has to start somewhere, so why don't you try to help, too? Take some friends with you and go to places near you, where you have seen plastics and other garbage where it doesn't belong, collect it and throw it all away. You never know, you might save some little animal's life by cleaning the environment♥